Rent a house and move out as soon as possible.
Youre the guest room tonight.
Also, dont be so exposed.
Where am I exposed?
Where is the dew?
You take it easy.
Very good, Su Muxi. Lets start the mode of the husband of the lonely president immediately.
I cant dream of going to heaven. Let Su Wanruo marry a good family.
Bear with me first. Not sure what you like to eat.
Ive prepared a little bit of everything.
There are loyalty, Western,
There are also loyal and meticulous mergers. I dont eat breakfast.
The money counts.
I didnt count that the president didnt eat breakfast.
Thank you. Youre too good, arent you?
Dream Shaotians little uncle
You shouldnt be so rich
This is worthy of an uncle
Its exactly the same when you take the middle point to fill the fat people
Why are you so empty today?
My uncle is too raw
Youre not serious
Exactly the best thing to do to promote affection
Youre right
Ill call her right now
I wasnt feeling well at all
Can you go home with me?
I know
Im waiting for you at home
But shes back now
It seems that she has a lot of human feelings